So the way things are here, it's sort of a create user, you know, a lot of things screen feel model.
Notice that we kind of hacked our way through to creating a user by saying, what about map of and saying
he string and values any?
So this works fine because we just testing things out and getting in this case, the Rafael display
name and he's already in.
It's fine.
So but that's not sustainable because we want to have an actual.
Model that we can create, so we use our model to actually have an actual user object.
So let's do that.
Let's go to our project and change this to Android instead of a project.
Let's go to our model model here, and it's going to be just a data class, a simple one.
I'm going to say m user out the reason I'm appending M.
Could it be?
And the latter is because I'm not just going to say user as it is because Firebase also has a user object,
so just to not have contrast or clashes with Firebase.
We're just going to say I am an Amazon user like this, right?
We have a data class.
So what do we want to have in our data class?
Well, this is going to model after an object of the user instance of a user that we can then pass along
here with all these fields.
So to say Val, each user has an ID going to be a string type Daryn multiple there and history has a
user ID.
Each user has a user ID string and their valid display name string, and we're going to have a avatar,
the URL as well, if we wish to do so.
And we kind have a quote that a user can have that they can add to your profile if we wish to do so
also profession.
So this is just the basics.
OK?
You can add more, but for now, this is fine.
It doesn't mean you can use or we have to use all of these.
All right.
Now I'm going to also add some helper methods of function inside here because remember, we want to
be able to create a user object, something like this different in this, of course.
But remember that for firebase or forest or in this case, in order for it to be able to store that
data, we need to pass in in this format as a mutable map, like a hash map, per se.
So for that, what we are going to do is we're going to create a helper function inside here.
So fun and want to call this to map what this will do.
It will just convert the object or a user here into map all of its properties.
Its fields are going to be converted into map, which is the type that we need.
So when I say mutable map like this can be string key and just any for the value, this could be anything
as such.
All right.
So this is will return in this case, a mutable map of.
So now I'm going to create this structure, something like this, right?
We're going to have a key and then add the value and so forth.
So what would be the key?
So the first key is going to be user underscore ID because this is how they will be saved, right?
This key section?
OK.
So we have to be consistent with what we are creating in terms of the keys keys, especially how we
name them.
So I'm going to say to this is how we connect this user to these, that user ID there.
And then I'm going to say display.
See, we say display name underscore, yes.
Splay name say to this that display name.
And then quote to the star quote perfection.
Is that profession?
And then Avatar underscored you around two things that avatar your eye like this.
So this is going to be great because then we can see EM user and pass all of these IDs and everything.
So what this will allow us to do is whenever we want to create an object, right, in this case, user
object, then we can just invoke it and then we can say usernames or AMD user username and passing the
username and so forth.
And then he will see, we can say, to map, which will invoke this, to map here to then to then create
this immutable map that will map all of these IDs, these already and so forth into a map that is needed
to be able to save in our back end.
OK, so that's all we need to do for now here.
So let's go back to our log in.
So coming here, we can just change.
It's going to be the same can just change the dynamics here.
So here I can just click a valid user.
Instead of doing this, I can just instantiate directly our M user as such, and then I'm going to pass
all of the properties.
So the first property is the ID.
Now the thing here about AIDS is that we don't need to pass it because remember, these aids are going
to be generated naturally because this aids are going to represent each one of these ID.
So we don't need to pass anything when we're creating a user for that matter, so we can ignore that.
But next, we are going to say, let's see what else comes after that User ID, say User ID.
In this case, I'm going to pass our user ID that we have and then this pass display name, it's going
to be the display name and then avatar, y'all.
For now, I'm just going to give it nothing and then quote, I'm going to give, say, something like
life is great profession.
Who's going to say Android developer?
All right, let's go ahead and fix this.
Looks like this needs some help.
Let's just say call it drink.
So we know exactly what are we dealing with.
Either way, I had no knowledge.
That's fine.
But let's just say it is free.
All right.
So now we no longer need any of this and it's calling for it.
We just got to head past snow like this.
There we go.
So now we have a user object.
So this will do the same thing that we did before because I have a user here once I've created the object.
I'm going to invoke that to map.
Method or function there, which is going to map everything into a map, as the name imply.
And then we should be good.
And before we move forward, let's go and find splash screen because this is not going to work for us
because we will have to, of course, actually take ourselves just to log in because we want to be able
to create new accounts or contests things out.
OK.
And the other thing earlier, what I did, I just went ahead and cleared the user.
So all the users just start from afresh, so we don't have anything.
And I think now it's time for us to give it a try.
So this one, this should go to log in screen.
Good.
Let's go to sign up.
OK, let's see Jay at me dot com and let's go ahead and create account.
OK?
Went in very nicely, built nicely.
And you can see now we have Jay and voila!
Avatar URL is empty.
J Developer life is great and we have indeed.
How are you ID as such?
So now we can make your use of our user ID section instead of having to manually do all the work.